Then do you know the Dragon Emperor?
Not familiar, really?
Do you really know the Dragon Emperor?
Then can you help me meet him?
He doesn't like you.
You are not the Dragon Emperor
How do you know he doesn't like me?
What if he likes me?
In the world of the Dragon Emperor
Or a wealthy daughter
Or beauty pageant champion
Even the princess Wang
Why does he like you?
I'm beautiful too
I am proficient in piano, chess, calligraphy and painting
Beautiful and talented
You are putting gold on your face
I see.
What do you understand?
You like me?
Therefore, I am afraid that the Dragon Emperor will also like me
That's why you didn't take me to call Lord Dragon Emperor
Can you really put gold on your face?
Isn't it?
I can only tell you
It is impossible for the Dragon Emperor to look down on it at all
One day you will know
You are a joke in front of me
Forget it, I won't argue with you
You just tell me.
How is it?
You can take me to see the Dragon Emperor
Then you sleep with me again
That's not possible.
I can't let a stinky donkey boy like you
Ruining me
Don't you feel wonderful
You shut up
I warn you.
If you dare to mention what happened that night again
I'll have you killed.